To be able to solve verbal problems, before diving into solution methods, we need to know how to model them.
To model verbal problems, we should know some(four) important concepts:
- Decision variables: (x1, x2, x3...)
- Constraint functions: (2*x+1 + x2 <= 20  and x1 - x3 >= 10 ...)
- Objective function: P = 3*x1 + 4*x2
- Nonnegative constraints: x1>=0 and x2>=0
----
After knowing these concepts, let's dive into the steps of modelling any verbal problem:
1) We should define decision variables.
2) (If it is not given) We should create a table.
3) We need to write the objective function from the problem.
4) We write constraint functions and nonnegative constraints.

After these steps, we will have a model and then we can solve it using specific methods which we will learn later.

---
## **Problems**
### **Problem 1**
  
A manufacturer of lightweight mountain tents makes two types of tents: a standard model and an expedition model.  
  
- Each **standard tent** requires:  
- **1 labor-hour** from the cutting department.  
- **3 labor-hours** from the assembly department.  
  
- Each **expedition tent** requires:  
- **2 labor-hours** from the cutting department.  
- **4 labor-hours** from the assembly department.  
  
**Labor Limitations:**  
- The maximum labor hours available per day:  
- Cutting department: **32 hours**.  
- Assembly department: **84 hours**.  
  
**Profit Margins:**  
- Profit per **standard tent**: **$50**.  
- Profit per **expedition tent**: **$80**.  

Determine how many tents of each type (standard and expedition) should be produced daily to **maximize total daily profit**.

#### **Solution**

- Let's define decision variables: x1 = the number of standard model **and** x2 = the number of expedition model.
- Create a table:

|                | **Cutting** | **Assembly** | Profit |
| -------------- | ----------- | ------------ | ------ |
| **Standard**   | 1 hour      | 3 hours      | $50    |
| **Expedition** | 2 hours     | 4 hours      | $80    |
|                | 32 hours    | 84 hours     |        |
- Objective functions: P = 50*x1 + 80*x2
- x1>=0 and x2>=0.
- Let's create our constrains functions: 
x1 + 2*x2 <= 32
3*x1 + 4*x2 <= 84.
