Sometimes, we may be asked to find basic and nonbasic variables, basic feasible solutions, existance of optimal solution, whether the optimal solution is found or not.

1) After getting matrix, if for a variable there is a pivot in its column, this is basic variable. However, if there is no pivot for it in its column, that is a nonbasic variable.
2) To find basic feasible solutions, we will look at for the values of each variable. If for a variable there is a pivot in its column, that means its value is equal to the result part of this row. If there is no pivot for this value, that is equal to 0.
3) While solving the given matrix, we find the smallest  negative value in the last row, and after finding it, we look at its upper part. If there is no positive number on the top, that means there is no optimal solution for this model. However, if there is at least one positive number, that means there is an optimal solution.
4) If there is an optimal solution for the model, however we want to check if in the given matrix, an optimal solution is found or not, we can check it. So among the last row, if there is at least one negative value, it refers, an optimal solution has not found yet. Otherwise, there are only nonnegative values in this row, that refers the optimal solution has been already found and this is equal to result  part of this row.

----
### **Example**
The matrix is given:

| x1  | x2  | x3  | s1  | s2  | s3  | P   | result part |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ----------- |
| -2  | 0   | 1   | 3   | 1   | 0   | 0   | 5           |
| 0   | 1   | 0   | -2  | 0   | 0   | 0   | 15          |
| -1  | 0   | 0   | 4   | 1   | 1   | 0   | 12          |
| -4  | 0   | 0   | 2   | 4   | 0   | 1   | 45          |
1) Basic variables for this format of the matrix are: x2, x3, s3 and P. Nonbasic ones: x1, s1, s2.
2) Because there are pivots in x2, x3, s3 and P, the values for them: x2=15; x3=5; s3=12 and P=45.  x1=s1=s2=0.
3) There is a negative value in the last row, so we can say the optimal solution is not found yet. However, if we look at carefully, we can notice that, an optimal solution does not exist for this matrix, because on the top of `-4`, there is no positive value. So an optimal solution for this model is undefined.