Our standard simplex method helps us to solve the model in this format: ax + by <= k. However, this method is not available whenever that is >=. 
If we want to implement simplex method on this model, we need to use **dual problem method**. So we need to create a matrix for the givens.

> [!info] Information
> Simplex method cannot be used to find min value. So we need to convert the constraints and objective function to another format where we are searching max value. At the result, max value from converted version is the min value for our main problem.

Imagine, we have given: P=11*x1+4*x2. and constraint functions: 2*x1+x2>=8 and 
-2*x1+3*x2>=4.

| x1  | x2  | result part |
|:---:|:---:|:-----------:|
|  2  |  1  |      8      |
| -2  |  3  |      4      |
| 11  |  4  |      1      |
The last row is written for objective function and in result part the coefficient of P 
(which is 1) is written. Let's call this matrix A.
Then we need to find tranpose of the matrix A. 
A^T:

| y1  | y2  | result part |
|:---:|:---:|:-----------:|
|  2  | -3  |     11      |
|  1  |  3  |      4      |
|  8  |  4  |      1      |
Now, we call the columns y1, y2... 

---
The steps after this are too similar to standard simplex method. Just instead of saying slack variables s1, s2.., we call them x1, x2.. (which are our given variables in the problem statement).
Solving process is going like simplex method.
The last version of the matrix is like that:

| y1  | y2  |    x1    |   x2    |  P  | result part |
| :-: | :-: | :------: | :-----: | :-: | :---------: |
|  1  |  0  |    3     |   -1    |  0  |      3      |
|  0  |  1  |    -5    |    2    |  0  |     10      |
|  0  |  0  | ***15*** | ***4*** |  1  |  ***420***  |
From that, we find y1=3; y2=10; x1=x2=0 and P=420. So P=420 is the max value for this version of the problem.
However, note that, we converted it from another version of the model where we was searching min value. The max value here is 420 and that is our min value for the main problem. And the conditions (the values for x1 and x2) are 15 and 4. (The last row for this vars in the result matrix).
